So we already have seen how we created or set up over the Java so late for this project.
And we know the basics of Java, so how we are going to use it.
So first we created in the exotic scheme and as I told you, for for the previous things.
And I added some cases while also your.
Known for Aramin logging on islands, you log in, I can read one page.
Basically, I told you in that video, I'm going to create that bridge.
So I created a log in page for editing, logging in for that, we are going to see how we can create
participant log in page on the same page also.
So in this this page, I'm going to create a logging union.
So now we can produce different images in Web pages, web page contents, all the web related or front
the related part.
So just go there in that little part, right click on web page new and you can create extremely pages
from here.
So I created I already created this due to time constraint.
I will tell you how I'm going to create this.
You did this.
So this is the admin log in page.
As you all know, you can remove this part.
This is by default, but I'm going to remove this part on Zoom.
So this is a statement.
This is part of our project and everything.
And for this, I'm going to put log in video editing, and this uses so main thing and this is the fun
basically in what we are going to see is the form.
Basically, we are typing username and password in the form in the estimate.
So this is how we can get it from some later this post, we are going to post that form.
So here is the action action rules that what is action is going to do is validate any.
So what is the validity?
The validity is the name which I'm going to create one Java.
So look for validate that part.
So this name is very important.
So for the validation of I mean, I'm going to use its name from name or action as well.
Then this is user name.
I'm going to put device user name.
No need to put this username.
Then this so placeholder it should be using.
You can see the username placeholder, but name again the name.
And this action is very important due the meaningful name for this.
This parameter so this parameter name is a username, so it is on like that its validation name, or
we can see how we can recognize that spot user name partner by designing a username.
Similarly, for the password, this password if we password and each Typekit password so we can see
that the third part is extremement Bartlesville, and that's about all.
So I would just created Cintron for centralize everything and put it in single code.
So this is all about our creating a log I will reform and this just ensure that this is looking good.
So always remember the name for that parameter should be very significant and this action do meaningful
names for these things, don't get some random names or something like a B or C U the meaningful names.
So as you can see, our extremely partisan we can say log in partisan, but we can validate that.
So I'm considering admin have some or we can do the admin username and password by default.
No need to put in the database and everything.
So for that, I'm going to create one Java servlet, or we can say a Java program so we can clear Java
program.
All Java programs should inside ensure packages folder.
So just right click on source packages below the packages.
As Lapidus, you can see source packages like new and you can see third option is Java, so let's look
on there.
So when this is done, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to copy this part because the name and
application lowercase is very important.
Validate it.
I'm just hoping this and I'm going to create new solid.
So this is so rude, there's no need to specify a package or anything because this very simple project,
if you want to enhance it more, you can create some inside that choose package.
You can create some default packages or some packages also late next year.
These are very important.
Add information to deployment descriptor, which is basically the list deployment descriptor.
So bookmark this.
This is very important and click finish.
Once it is done, it will create some default template in that default packages where literally, as
you can see you can to delete this despite coming out, then this is a little sweeping, related, deleted
also.
There is there are some default things mentioned in.
So you can delete this also, and you can delete this strike edge and everything.
So this is done now, so you can see this is validated really partisan and these all things are accepted
to minimize this, you can just I would not stop to not mention this part.
And then again, this is also even done with Java.
So let the likes of which is basically Java.
I'm inputting North Star.
Who and this is also Ugandan, which is pretty busy over there.
So what are you going to put study on so you can remove this part of the slogan?
So I'm going to minimize this on things, important things.
So now you can see we are done with this part, but.
Or there is nothing inside this, so we are going to write Logic Logica.
So.
They're destroyed when logic.
Are we going to see a logical thing here?
So let me just like this and.
I think something is missing, OK?
You're.
What happened?
And.
OK, OK, OK.
You're going to delete this part of what I'm going to delete this culture because it is we are going
to create our own material.
And we have some.
Usually I'm going to do this, so that's it.
We already created this part, so let us begin with how we can create.
So always remember this public word or we can say so late class validated.
This tend to be so late.
It is a beautiful class inside Java.
After that, you can create your own method so you can create private or public method.
I'm going to create a public method or you're going to get it protected.
So if you want, you can create private or public.
I'm going to create public materials public.
Void then do post what is possible.
Page the data from that extreme page, and it will post something so do mean for taking the time posting,
and some are printing some things, so it'll be so late.
It is waste basically class, nothing more solid.
Now, this is a very important request.
For this request, I want to request.
So what is doing that for the request purpose?
It is creating some request, similarly for a response.
HTP, so let.
This.
Apartments.
What it will create, it will ask for a response so you can change your variables, according to that,
I'm getting response and request here only for this forward.
And what it does, it's to some exceptions.
What is the basis?
Basically exceptions rules.
Are you exception?
I exception.
So let exhibition.
So instead of using Always Try Edge, I'm going to use this.
So.
It is showing me the error, basically, what is that?
OK, OK.
You did, asking you to create glass and everything, so no need, no need.
I created one glass and wanted to mention this.
In fact, we're going to delete this one after that, I will tell you how we can invoke this.
OK.
It will take time to reload everything.
So as you can see, we're not done with this party's GDP, so it's literally no exception, with solid
exception.
Remember, you have to put always the clothes and everything here.
Otherwise, it will not work.
So now let's build the logic.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create some print right out of the statement.
So it is basically I operate off on Java, not daughter, you print, right?
Print writer.
I would.
Is equal to.
What I'm going to create, I'm going to ask for response.
Response, not great, writer.
So.
It will create some lingering precedent for what we will do in the out statement, it will respond and
would that part in the order?
But main usage of this is very important.
Always remember.
I mean, printing that statement, so it is very important to mention what these mean, but here you
can new ideas just to name, but you should use print writer for them to respond.
You cannot use anything here.
So I'm going to use string you in to fetch user name from a logging method.
So what I can do is I'm going to ask for a request request dot get parameter.
As you know the I mean, I'm the parameter method, so I'm going to ask for a good parameter.
So this will ask me for the barometer, but which parameter I want, I won't hear a user username,
so I'm going to copy this in eLong initiative and a username because I mentioned that the name is this.
So similarly, I will put for this.
Which user?
Name and likeness, similarly, I'm going to fetch password, but for that, I'm not going to write
again this, I'm going to just P.W. here UW.
And I am going to change the name on this, you can copy paste this from here.
No need to check and tape it again.
Just copy this.
And based.
I'm going to mention this is.
Which?
Password, so you didn't switch from that.
So let us see, I'm what I'm going to do.
I'm going to mention the setup of some username and password.
So for this case, I'm going to consider only four minutes.
So now, so now we are done with this part.
So I created a one zero one eight one zero room for you when you do you do you feel like we are seeing
this?
So these are the four items with username and password.
So what is the logic, basically?
I told you I can use this VW.
So what I'm going to be, I'm going to create a defense letter here.
Let us see how we can create.
I will put me is.
Else.
Neither, Jake.
Entries.
So let us see how we can create events.
So if I'm going to use this P.W. dog, you know, there is one job either you can directly use equals
as if you know you can use your equal if BW equals to be one.
OK.
And then.
BW, I also read you in that part of the username unbought equals.
You can see this is coming up one.
What he's going to do is.
It is going to create a request better.
So what is the request this budget?
It will dispatch that request, but I can say for that response, it is dispensing or dispatching the
request, this dispatcher.
This is just by default.
The method already is my username, although I can see for variable.
Request Dot.
Request dispatcher.
I'm going to copy this, but I'm not going to print this again because this picture where is going through
this dispatch, I need to mention next page as this is our password and usernames are correct, it should
forward to the next page as best practice.
So I'm going to give the name as admin event for the next which issue and.
So it will respond to that also.
So, OK, before that recall displeasure, I forgot requests.
Don't get.
I thought it would get tricky with this budget, we are creating this, but where it should be getting
so it is not a request, this venture.
So there is one important statement here.
This is not what I consider dispatching.
It is just creating that it should go there.
So using elseif I created for you, do you do seem to be anywhere in this game?
I'm going to forward this similarly for this BW all things I created, if the credentials are incorrect,
we are going to stay on this page.
So I'm going to mention here is the beautiful thing in the Java.
So look, you can use instruments in Baltimore center one.
I'm going to bring this please undervalued and valid username and password for.
And we.
So I'm going to bring this on extremely page, so it is not going to print on our command line or something,
it is going to print on.
So it should be some instruments indexed universal.
I would this.
Now I'm going to stick with this, but what is going this is going to forward, but it should stay on
the same page for those staying on the same page.
I'm going to include I'm going to use include.
So this is all we've done.
But remember, we are going to use your this sentence.
But how the Java program will understand that this is the word I'm telling you something and fixed or
something is given for that purpose.
I'm going to say the content for this.
So no content checking is very simple.
Response Dot set content.
Contained by Capital Day, remember, these are the too default detergents are Jell-O.
You can put this next.
Slash estimates it can be text or estimate.
So something is wrong on.
OK, OK.
We are done with this.
No, we are done with this.
So we are done with this hour now.
I will deploy this and I will tell you how it's going to work.
So as you know, if our deployment, as I told you, this is created by this is our next thing.
So let's go to the Army Logan, which, as you can see, we created alter ego Adam in Logan.
Or you can change the format enabling you.
So I'm going to put the username.
So I'm going to put username e one zero one four eight one zero one.
We know the password one two three four.
As you can see, four, zero 04 is not one because we haven't cleared it further.
That pipe later on, we are going to create that part everything.
But before that, what I can do, I can put some different parts of two, three, four or five.
I'm going to pump.
So you can see, please enter a valid username and password for as you can see, our password is different.
Similarly, I'm putting a one zero eight.
That is not to mention that admin is not mentioned.
I'm going to put some random thing here again.
So it is going to validate everything, and it's asking, please enter username and password for username
four.
And so this is how we are going to validate admin page for the participant log in what we are going
to create.
We are asking two participants or your guest to first sign up our page so that.